HOW TO LEAD AN EFFECTIVE SURVEY?
HOW TO INTERPRETE THE RESULT?
..
..



How many people should I survey in order to obtain meaningful insight?

1. Population vs sample size:
   Recently I led training for 1,000 staffs. I want to know whether staffs were satisfied with the training contents.
   Should I survey all 1,000 staffs? What if I can survey the portion who can represent the 1,000 staffs? 
   I plan to survey only 50. Am I correct to conclude that sample size will give an accurate insight?  
   
   --> Population is 1,000. Sample size is 50.
       Tip: It is advised to use minimum 30 as sample size*, for an average result of a sample starts to represent the average result of a population.
              
2. Margin of error
   Surveying 1,000 staffs will give 70% of satisfaction rate. 
   But if I select 50 staffs based on the high attendance, engagement and test results of the training, I may even get 90% satisfaction rate.
   Similarly, if I select 50 staffs from the low performing group, the satisfaction rate may drop. 

   --> The difference between samples' results (ex. 90%) and entire population's result (ex. 70%).  
       Tip: The smaller the margin of error, the closer samples' results are to actual population's result. 
  
3. Confidence level
   Should I feel confident that the surveying 200 staffs will truely represent the entire populations' opinion on training?
   If I would run the same survey 100 times, I want to obtain the same result at least 90 times,
   so that I can feel confident with the survey result.
 
   --> Confidence level here is 90%. 
       Tip: The most commonly used confidence level is 95%. 90% can work in some cases. 
       
4. Confidence interval


5. Statistical significance
   Could my result be due to a coincidence or accurate measurement? I surely want the latter option.
   
   --> The determination of whether your result could be due to random chance or not.
       Tip: The greater the significance, the less due to chance.
       
6. Statistical power
   I want my survey to show meaningful results. The probability of getting meaningful results is statistical power.
   
   row 323 (editing)
   --> The probability of getting meaningful results (statistically significant) results. 


* Why 30?
As sample size increases, the results more closely resemble the normal (bell-shaped) distribution. 
A sample of 30 is the smallest sample size for which the Central limit theorem (CLT) is still valid.


